this is better than my imagination this
is more than a dream come true without
the slightest bit of hesitation
mr. Kelly bearish pop quiz yeah I'm a
dead man
if you were any kind of a guy he would
have warned us great market news it's
wonder if you could lend me some money
well he doesn't have any let's see what
you got
thanks I appreciate it
he owed that to me oh I'm sorry I didn't
know you could lend me the money no I
can't I think you probably can
left me after school tomorrow what well
the lesson I'm going to teach you
it's gonna kill you such optimism
sorry he's gonna beat you senseless he
had no right to pick on you like that I
gladly give up that right to keep my
nose on my face don't worry I've got a
plan
great I feel better you want to see a
movie tonight the last one before your
hospital stay oh thanks for the support
but I've got to go to the dentist now
why not wait until tomorrow we'll get
your money's worth I said I got a plan
okay but and I my five bucks back today
Wow how'd the teeth beam Andrew hey come
on
okay and hauskool be fine let's have a
look in here well you go huge cavity in
here didn't you feel anything oh I uh
high threshold of pain you know when you
were ten you used to bribe me not to
hurt you
I've matured a great deal well come back
the day after tomorrow now fill that
cavity free okay whatever you say no
argument
the thought of a needle used to make you
cringe now they make me laugh
needle needles break on my skin she
can't put a needle in me that be it the
truth appealed big trouble
I get this way when the bus is late
right I'll talk to you tomorrow well I
think my psychology degree is gonna come
in handy in the real estate business
how'd it go at this fine great my teeth
are whiter than white is that possible
hello dr. Bern yeah Andrew was just
telling me that oh you've seen the
x-rays and the cavity is even deeper
than you thought sure he can come
tomorrow instead 3:30 oh you can count
on it it's very simple you must have
gotten the cavity before you were hit
with the photon beam great that explains
everything except what am I going to do
when the novocaine needle bounces off me
it's very simple you simply ask for gas
dr. Jane I'm too young to die
no no Andrew nitrous oxide it's a gas
that anesthetize 'as you simply ask for
gas instead of novocaine and you won't
have to explain any bouncing needles dr.
J you're a genius oh I'm so lucky to
have a scientist for a friend good thing
you're not a lawyer
wait that wouldn't be bad he could get
me out of things on legal grounds yeah
that'd come in really handy you're
welcome Andrew
well today's a day Oh it'll be okay
I'm gonna get nitrous oxide so that's
the plan
you're gonna stun them with gas hmm I
almost forgot I can't meet him after
school today
I gotta get a cavity filled so that's
the plan you come up with a different
excuse every day until he graduate
excuse me I'm afraid I can't make our
three o'clock appointment today is
tomorrow after school looking no problem
I'll give you more of a chance to sweat
by noon tomorrow you'll be a shivering
massive fear when three o'clock rolls
around probably won't be anything left
you attention we'll have withered you
away how simple yes would have been
sufficient
it should be a poet well how are you
today Andrea great if you don't mind I
prefer gas to novocaine
I thought you laughed at needles I think
I find gas funnier well I don't use gas
Andrew you should it's much safer yeah
don't worry it won't hurt that's what
I'm afraid of
open wide
yeah
it must have been the novocaine it
condemned nerves it must have been able
to deaden the effect of the photon beam
on you this is fascinating fascinating a
needle answer is my once invulnerable
skin and you say it's fascinating
increased knowledge is fascinating it
challenges you consider the monkey
Achilles who discovered his only weak
spot was his heel yeah sure he was
thrilled it forced him to be even more
clever with his foes it tempered his mic
with humility but to get back to me why
didn't the needle break there was no
novocaine in my system before dr. burns
gave me the shot a good question
she must have pushed the plunger on the
needle before it reached your skin which
would have weakened surrounding area
allowing the needle to enter your skin
whereupon the rest of the novocaine
would have weakened your entire system
could you not enjoy this so much sorry
so how long will it take for the
novocaine to wear off well it's usually
in the system for about a half a day so
tomorrow after school I'll definitely be
back to normal let's just say that
tomorrow after school
the novocaine will be gone
he doing here I'm supposed to be here
well I thought that maybe the plan has
lling to do with a train leaving town
don't worry about a thing
really sorry my two o'clock dragged on
and on is finished now alright that's
enough with the cute talk the kids at
this school are tired of you and your
truck sideways it's time to right the
wrongs you keep the Briarwood high right
guys white guys okay let's get down to
business
sooner or later you're going to have to
make a move
that hurt
what someone
not really that wasn't part of that plan
was it
my powers are gone what do you mean no
powers nothing I'm like I was before
wonderful now we can breathe easier what
are you talking about
I can hardly breathe it all burning half
a block almost put me in a coma Andrew
being back to normal is the best thing
that could possibly happen to you I
needed those powers today I made a fool
of myself and I let a friend down Andrew
you shouldn't have depended on them can
we please run some tests dr. J maybe
I've still got some of the novocaine in
me
well your blood appears to be normal
that's bad and there's no trace
whatsoever of any novocaine in your
system that's real bad I can't come to
any other conclusion except that the
novocaine must have permanently knocked
out the effect of the photon beam you're
back to normal for good it can't be
what are you wrong why am I being
punished you're not being punished and
I'm sorry no you're not you never wanted
me to be Ultraman in the first place
that's true but I'm sorry you're so
letdown
I need those powers there's so much I
could do there's plenty you could do
without them
hi how'd it go with the dance school
okay do you want to hear about my day
he's lost his hearing man I have not
lost my hearing I still have some things
that work
do you have a bad day sweetie
did you ever have something that was
really important to you and suddenly it
was gone oh yeah I sure did
and there was nothing you could do about
it not a thing it's so unfair yes it is
so what do you do oh well well you can
do is try to learn from the experience
what do you mean you learn how much you
cared for that thing you're sorry if you
ever took it for granted and you vow
never to neglect the things you still
have
it'd be simpler just to get it back well
sometimes it's just not possible
do you know what I'm talking about you
want to tell me
no maybe someday well whatever you want
thanks mom hello hi pretty well I hadn't
planned on it
then could I come over and you could
shoot me with the photon beam again
I'm sorry Andrew I can't do that but dr.
J I don't know what to do now that I'm
Andrew again in that case this is the
best possible thing that could happen to
you Andrew there's nothing wrong with
growing up as an ordinary boy don't say
that word I don't mean that you were
ordinary you're a very special boy but
it isn't Ultraman that makes you special
someone else could have these powers and
be just as ordinary with them as you
aren't ordinary without them could you
repeat that I doubt it
so what you're saying dr. J is Ultraman
is dead there nutshell yes
we have come to bid farewell to the
fallen superhero ultraman as his alter
ego and closest friend i hereby donate
all the known ultraman artifacts to dr.
benjamin Jeffcoat ultraman's creator
they will remain in his safekeeping
until such time as the world is ready to
learn the truth we will never forget you
Ultraman and the good deeds you
performed will live in our hearts no one
will ever know how much more good you
could have accomplished even though the
photon beam machine is sitting right
over there and one zap solve all your
problems perhaps you are now incarnated
and some more worthy mortal even though
I believe that I was as loyal a friend
as you will ever have
well I feel better how about you okay
don't let it get to you
bullies win it's the natural order of
things it's not that should be he won't
be around forever oh yeah have you seen
his grades hey Clarence
the highlight of my day every time I see
you it's so entertaining this time a
little light I borrow some money what do
you mean by borrow do you mean borrow
where I get the money back something or
borrow like I never see the money again
you'll get it back trust me
let's see what you got I got plenty here
but don't stop there you're too kind
maybe you'd like to borrow my shirt how
about some books I know they'd laugh you
out of the store if you ever tried to
buy any so why don't you borrow some of
mine and don't worry about having
trouble reading them some have big
pictures anybody have anything they'd
like Peter to borrow he'll give it back
trust him didn't Peter borrow your bike
yeah a year ago I'm sure Peter must have
forgotten because we all know that Peter
is a man of his word
hey I am trying to give a test in there
do kids proud of yourselves
yes
are you okay
yeah fine
that's incredible you're looking at my
gymnast but if I were you I wouldn't
speed like that in a residential
neighborhood won't any more
I know that and I'm glad you're taking
it so well no you don't understand I
understand a great deal more than you
think Andrew I was your age once and I
died Andrew up here dr. J remember too
big of a shock huh everything's back
I've been testing my powers and they've
all returned that's fascinating but the
Novocain had already worn off and your
powers weren't back you must have come
in contact with something else that day
tell me everything that happened at the
dentist's office well I looked in a
magazine we're looking for foreign
substances here Andrew the magazine was
from Europe was there anything else out
of the ordinary nothing dr. burns took
some x-rays that's it it wasn't a
novocaine at all there must have been
something in the x-ray that neutralized
the effect of the photon beam
temporarily Andrew do you realize what
this means I have to find a new dentist
no a higher dosage could cure you
permanently dr. J widened dentists leave
the room when they give x-rays because
radiation is dead dangerous
I'll come up with something else no
hurry
could I have my ultraman diary back
Andrew I hope you've learned something
as a result of being deprived of your
powers sure I did
I'm not you can do a lot without
superpowers you should have seen how I
took care of this guy Peter at school
today pure mind power he would have been
proud of me I'm sure I would have been
but then on the way home
a little girl almost got hit by a car if
it hadn't been for Ultraman she would
have been a big trouble Andrew who are
we to question the higher forces who
decided to bequeath me with these powers
I was just trying to help my plants grow
but instead he put yourself in the
history books